hi everyone is here so tools here and I
am going to show you how to make a
realistic polymer clay sugar cube charm
and this sugar hue I've made in my last
fish charm update I base the sugar cube
charm off of the studio Jovi movie I
wash called The Secret World of Arrietty
you will need a translucent polymer clay
and you can also use white polymer clay
if you don't have it but I like using
translucent polymer clay because after
you bake it it gives it that a
see-through effect and looks really nice
it makes it look more real to stick that
way but in this tutorial I'll be using
females you can make the sugar cube
charm however big you want it the
dimensions are completely up to you so
I'm just going to cognition this another
thing you need would be TLS you can also
use bacon bond fimo deco Joe I'll also
be testing out a technique on which I'll
use common school glue to see if it
works when sticking to Palmer clip and
the last thing you need would be course
glitter you can see the texture is very
coarse almost like a sanding sugar now
you can also use a fake deco sugar I
like using fake deco sugar I think this
would make it look more realistic this
way so first take your conditioned ball
of polymer clay pinch it like this pinch
on all four sides and then keep rotating
it
now this part can get a little messy so
I'm going to make two different ones one
with school glue and one with TLS so I'm
just going to coat the surface there's
just a small dab not too much on the
surface of your sugar cute charm and you
can use a paintbrush when doing this but
I like working with my hands so coat
every side of this with the glue take
your glitter and put it on a flat
surface on which you can clean later I'm
putting this on a note card so I can
bend the note card back and pour the
glitter back in for the ones I don't use
I'll take your cube of polymer clay and
dip it into the glitter be sure to coat
all four sides you press down on it and
you're gonna have to press down on it
let's make sure you get all the sugar
you can on one side and it might me
shape the cube a little bit but you can
just shape it back so now that you have
your or fake core sugar on the q reshape
your q and is to push the glitter into
the polymer clay which would lessen the
chances of it flaking off later so there
you have your sugar cube charm and don't
be afraid if it looks really white after
you've baked it the translucent clay or
make it look more realistic at this
point it is completely up to you whether
you want to use a head pin or an eye pin
I like using head pin first and make
sure if the head Penna straight by
twirling it around my
and if it's a semi street light this is
a bit cricket but this is good enough
find the center point of the charm and I
make an indentation and I poke it
straight through make sure it is
straight and you should see the other
end on the other side take the end you
have created push it back in slowly
while twisting it a little bit pull
until the head pin touches now it's
ready to bake bake it as per your
package instructions well I finished
baking in it and this one has an eye pin
screw I use the TLS technique with this
term or this is the one I use regular
school glue it so there's no difference
you can you don't have to use TLS I
guess there's not much of a difference
between the TLS and the PVA glue and I
recommend substituting TLS on different
occasions but when it comes to sticking
stuff on it like glitter but if you were
to stick to polymer clay pieces together
I can't guarantee that it was thick well
I'll let it cool and when it's done cool
and you should glaze it but if you were
to use a head pin you have to turn it
into a charm so I'm just gonna give my
charm a quick loop here
it's time to glaze them and the glaze is
to seal in the fake sugar on the outside
I like to use triple thick this was the
one I used he LS way and this one was
one where I used a school glue to use
school glue or to use TLS fimo gel gel
or baking bond is completely up to you I
really hoped you guys liked this
tutorial and I really hoped you guys
found this helped I hope you guys
enjoyed making this as much as I did the
state crafty stay awesome and thanks
watching you guys bye